Is that boy you. Sergeant?
You all right? Who sent it?
Raymond Bell is violent.
I've looked this man in the eye.
Julie Bell. she's in danger.
We gotta move on this.
We do something.
but we do it with control.
Julie. it's Officer Imani.
I'm here to help you.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Julie.
Sir. can you hear me?
Hey. sir.
Hey. I'm police.
I got you. I got you.
Shh. shh. shh.
I got you.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I'm police.
I'm here to help. okay?
-Hey. what's your name?
-It's Cal. I'm Cal.
Help. Help. please.
Please. he's crazy.
He's crazy.
Okay.
Okay. I'm gonna help. Hey.
Hey. I'm gonna help. okay?
I'm gonna get you out of here.
Okay. hey. Cal?
Okay. I just need you to
hang on for me. Cal. okay?
I'm gonna be right back.
Just hang on.
What the...
Come on.
Julie!
Julie. It's me.
It's Officer Imani
from the police.
From the hospital.
you called me.
I'm stuck in here.
Do you have the key?
-Yes.
-Good. Good.
Okay. open the door.
You're safe now.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
Julie. are you okay?
Can you hear me?
Open the door.
I can't.
Why? I don't understand.
-Grandpa's mad at me.
-I know he's mad.
I get it.
But Julie.
you called me. remember?
You wanted my help.
and I'm here.
I will help you.
You just have to let me out.
Grandpa found my phone.
He was mad.
Okay. I bet that was real scary.
but I can get you away from him.
You just need to open this door.
-Do you want some water?
-No! No.
No. sweetheart.
I don't want any water.
I want you to open
this door. please.
I can't help you
if I'm stuck in here.
Julie. there's a man
hurt downstairs.
He needs a lot of help.
We cannot wait.
Where's your grandpa now?
Out.
-He said he forgot something.
-That's good. See?
He won't know you helped me.
We'll be gone before
he's even back. okay?
So come on. open the door.
You and me.
we're in this together.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
Okay?
Julie. wait. Julie!
Come back. Julie!
Oh. no. No. no.
Come on.
Julie.
Kim. we got a problem
at the Bell house.
Imani got in. She's in trouble.
Notify the rest of the team.
You and Adam meet me there.
Okay.
Okay. um. Adam had
an emergency with Bob.
so he's at the facility.
I'm gonna put Mack
with a neighbor.
and I'll be right there.
Julie. Julie.
Hey. I got you. I got you.
Come on. It's not safe for you.
Let's go.
-Julie.
-Grandpa. she's here!
No. Julie!
Units on the city-wide.
we're getting multiple calls
of shots fired
inside a residence
at 4832 Farragut.
Any available units.
please respond.
5021 en route.
Notify responding
to use extreme caution.
We got a UC officer on scene.
5021 units will take the lead.
Copy. 5021.
Sarge. I'm south
on Racine and 40th.
Copy.
When we hit the block.
stay close.
-We'll crash together.
-Will do.
Rest of the team's on their way.
We gotta go. now. Move!
Julie!
Are you all right?
I'm good. He's got her.
I... I think he ran on foot.
Um. there's a male victim.
He's in the basement.
He's beaten bad.
All right. Kim.
coordinate Patrol.
They can't have gotten far.
I want lights
on all these streets.
You got it.
All right. 5021 on scene
of the shots fired.
Got a female. tender-age
kidnap victim. Julie Bell.
Wanted is Raymond Bell.
male. white. 58.
They fled on foot
in an unknown direction.
Have responding search the area.
-And roll me an ambo.
-Copy. 5021.
All right. house is clear?
Yes. sir.
Show me where.
Raymond must have snatched
him up after we went at him.
Couldn't control himself.
Hey. Cal. Cal?
Hey. can you hear me?
The ambo's on the way. okay?
Help is on the way.
Just gotta hang on
for us a little bit longer.
I got you. I got you.
Julie Bell!
Julie Bell.
Chicago Police. call out!
Sarge. you got ears in?
Stand by. Kim.
Dante. stay with him.
If he comes to.
you find out what he knows.
Kev. start searching the house.
Comb through documents.
anything that tells us
where this prick
might be headed.
-On it.
-Go ahead. Kim.
There's no sign of them.
Maybe Bell had a car
parked somewhere nearby?
Yeah. it's possible.
All right. get back here.
Run all PODs and cams.
start talking to neighbors.
Copy.
It was an emergency. all right?
Julie called.
-And what was your plan?
-To get her out.
And then what?
I... I didn't get that far.
Oh. really?
I wasn't gonna risk a child's
life over lack of evidence.
DCFS can kiss my ass.
White shirt brigade. perfect.
All right. listen to me.
You say Julie
texted you for help.
You rushed over. you heard
screams inside the residence.
you entered
and found our victim.
You understand?
Yeah.
Let me get this straight.
Officer Imani is out 10-99
for a moonlight drive?
Like I said. she got
a 911 text from a tender-age.
She was here on my orders.
Right. and when
she heard the screams.
she called you instead
of calling for backup.
Why is that?
Commander.
there's a child missing.
-This can wait.
-It's not your call.
I want a full statement
out of you
and every member of
your team right now.
We're gonna do this
the right way.
The right way?
We got a child in danger.
you want to talk paper?
-No.
-Again. not your call.
My officer is giving
her statement right now.
-Sarge.
-Like I said. she was alone.
Sarge.
No one else
on my team has a word...
Sarge! Wait. wait.
No. don't go in there
until after we clear it.
What's going on. Kev?
I need you inside.
You gotta see this.
I saw a bent wooden panel
along these window seats.
I'm thinking Bell's
hiding drugs. weapons.
I was wrong.
We're gonna need
the mobile crime lab
to come in here and search
this whole house. Sarge.
Definitely male.
Whoever put these people
in here processed the bodies.
It's basically mummifying.
Decomp will be harder to analyze
because of the quicklime
and salt.
-The bodies have all dried out.
-All right. best guess?
Well. this man has been
in here at least a year.
We'll know more in the lab.
That's Pat Delaney.
Half moon tattoo is
one of his identifiers.
Homeless. addict.
His brother reported
him missing a year ago.
He was on our board.
linked to Bell.
COD?
He's got blunt-force trauma
to the head.
parietal bone is fractured.
Clearly took a bad beating.
-You see his hand?
-Yes.
We searched this space.
People must have been
here all the time.
Julie must have played in here.
And nobody had any idea they
were surrounded by dead bodies.
Bell got off on it.
5021. you copy?
5021. you on the air?
Go for 5021.
We have reports of
a vehicular carjacking
a half a mile
from your location.
Patrol is on scene.
-That can't be a coincidence.
-Kev. you stay here.
Run this with Forensics.
There could be more bodies.
5021 en route.
Copy. 5021.
Hey. you're not riding solo.
With me.
I don't need a babysitter.
I moved because I had to.
I had to do something.
Oh. you had to
go off book alone?
-You would have told me no.
-Yes.
What good is an officer
who doesn't listen?
When my sister disappeared.
my parents thought she went to
a friend's house after school.
They just assumed it
because that's
what she did the night before.
I knew something was wrong.
I could feel it.
But we baked M&M cookies.
and we ate dinner.
and we did nothing.
And my sister never came home
because she wasn't okay.
She was taken.
I'm trying to explain why.
I get that.
Hey. we'll fix this.
Resident of this house
was taking his dog out.
Walks up to the sidewalk.
sees all this blood.
Goes back into his residence
to check the doorbell cam.
Catches the carjacking.
calls it in.
We got an ID on the driver?
Dan Kiesel. works security.
graveyard shift.
drives a 2010 Ford Taurus.
No GPS on that.
-I need that footage.
-Already on it.
I had him.
Look. it's not over.
And he's making mistakes.
Come on. Get me that footage.
Sarge. you copy?
Go ahead. Kev.
We just got
three more bodies. Sarge.
Two of them mainly bones
in Raymond Bell's room.
and I'm staring at one
right now in Gary's room.
And I think... I think it's the
nurse that Crompton remembered.
Aurelia Sloan.
Looks like the body
got scrubs on.
You searched
the whole house yet?
No. sir.
I'm pretty sure we're gonna
find some more. Sarge.
I... I seen a lot. but I ain't
never seen nothing like this.
This is...
Just keep me posted.
Will do.
Got the doorbell cam footage.
We got three more bodies.
Get out.
Ah!
She bit him.
Oh...
Oh... no. no!
What is wrong with you?
Now what?
First thing. we find that car.
And we work the house.
see what those bodies
can tell us.
Hey. Torres.
Cal Foreman's conscious.
It was like he lost it.
He went for my hand first.
He was like
a parent slapping me.
or like at Sunday school.
only he was breaking my bones.
I couldn't fight back.
Where did this happen?
7-Eleven on Timber Lane.
Night manager's friendly.
Gave me a free hot dog.
I was in the back
parking lot eating.
and then a car pulls up.
What kind of car?
Silver Mercedes. old-school
with the hood ornament.
Thought it was a rich dude
with the munchies or something.
Next thing I know.
this guy jumps out the car.
jacks me with a crowbar.
I was out.
And then you woke up
in that basement?
Woke up in
the damn trunk zip-tied.
Thought he was
taking me somewhere
far away to shoot my ass.
Instead.
I ended up in his driveway.
That's where he pulled me
past his kid.
-You saw his kid?
-Yeah.
At least I think it was.
It was a little girl.
She didn't think nothing
of the old man
pulling a brother
out of the trunk.
Did she say anything?
She asked where he'd been.
He told her Lockport.
Then she asked if he saw...
Peter.
N... no. it was Preston.
Yeah. Preston.
she said. was Preston there.
Preston in Lockport?
-Are you sure?
-Yeah.
That's Preston Bell.
He's Raymond's cousin.
I dug into him when
we were working Raymond.
-You think he's involved?
-No. No way.
They're estranged.
hardly any contact now.
Preston made it
on his own back when
Bell Tractor went bankrupt.
Steady job. good marriage.
-He lives in Lockport?
-Yeah.
Raymond doesn't have to be
in contact with him for Raymond
-to head there.
-Let's move.
Loop in the rest of the team.
Alert Lockport PD. see if you
can get ahold of Preston Bell.
Kim. we're ten minutes out.
Bring me up to speed.
No sign of Preston.
but a neighbor
saw a maroon sedan
pull into Preston's house
about 20 minutes ago.
Lockport Police are holding
anchor out of sight.
Okay. copy.
Kev. what's your 20?
Almost there. Sarge.
Five minutes out.
Okay. good.
I'm gonna loop in
Lockport PD with the plan.
We go in quiet.
try to surprise Bell.
get Julie out alive.
-Copy you.
-Copy that.
This is Sergeant Voight.
Who am I speaking with?
Preston Bell.
There's an emergency
at my house?
Yes.
All right.
where are you. Preston?
I'm in Florida with my family.
Okay. that's good.
Is there anyone else
in your house?
No. no. my family's
all with me. Why?
We think your cousin Raymond
is hiding in your house
along with his granddaughter.
Raymond is wanted for murder.
For murder? Jesus.
Okay. look.
we need your help. Preston.
He's probably
locked himself inside.
Do you have a security system?
Just a smart lock
at the front and back door.
Can you give me the lock code?
-Hey. You see Julie?
-No. go find her.
Offender's headed downstairs.
-Oh.
-Mm-hmm.
Your call.
We got the offender
in custody. Sarge.
-Copy.
-Anything?
No.
Well. she's not upstairs.
No empty food or drink.
no clothes. no sign of her.
Well. he threatened her
during the carjacking.
Lost it. killed her?
Fits his pattern. impulse.
Or she fought. got away.
Kev. get Bell in here right now.
Copy. Sarge.
All right. let's make this easy.
Where is Julie?
I don't know.
She jumped out of the car
at a stop sign and ran.
And you just let her run away?
Yes.
Hmm. you don't believe me.
I believe you like
to be in control.
-She ran away.
-To where?
What stop sign?
Mm...
Raymond. we found
seven bodies in your house.
I'm guessing
there'll be more. right?
Right now.
this is the last chance
you'll ever have to be
in control of anything
in your life.
You help us.
we'll find you a prison
where you can see the sun.
maybe even stay alive.
This is a child. your family.
Where is she?
I do not know.
-She ran.
-Where?
I took care of that girl.
I did the best I could.
And I never wanted her
to be a part of this.
I tried to protect her
after Gary died.
Then where is she?
She's dead.
She tried to run away from me.
and I chased her with my car.
It was an accident.
I... I promise you.
I buried her
right then and there.
I loved that kid.
She's the only good thing that
this blood has ever produced.
Then take us to her.
You familiar with
Bell Tractor. young man?
No. sir.
We employed over 2.000 people
in the city of Chicago.
My family practically
ran this town.
Hey. take a left.
This property is
where we used to test
all our latest equipment.
Revolutionized the industry.
Just pull through the gate.
-This is where she ran.
-Oh. yeah?
-Where's the stop sign?
-There was no stop sign.
-I... I misspoke.
-Oh.
She ran when I stopped.
I... I stopped to open the gate.
I came to ditch the car.
Uh. it all went to hell.
Oh. well. here we are.
It's just. uh...
it was this way.
Uh-huh.
Um. it's right around here.
-You're sure?
-No.
Oh. over... over here.
-Yeah.
-This one?
Yeah it's right un...
right under there.
All right. go ahead.
All right. hold up. officers.
-Are you sure this is it?
-I thought so.
You thought so?
I want this to end.
I swear. I took her.
had her in my arms. and then...
oh. that...
that oak was on my right.
So it's on the other side
of that thicket.
-All right. so show me.
-Okay.
Just keep working.
Keep looking in this area.
Ah. okay. here.
Here it is.
It's right here in the...
uh. that's the piece
of metal I used to dig with.
You're lying.
-She's right here.
-No. she's not.
I... I'm cooperating.
I'm cooperating with you.
I want you to find her.
No. you don't.
You're having a goddamn laugh.
She's right here.
Hey. we're done.
You're going in a box right now.
Go ahead.
-Hey.
Hey!
Okay. we got him.
Imani.
Hey. Imani.
You will never find her.
Eva. that's enough.
Eva.
This is Sergeant Hank Voight of
the Chicago Police Department.
badge number 32419.
I have an arrestee who attempted
to escape custody.
sustained injuries.
I need you to roll me an ambo.
I'm at the old Bell farm
off County Road 16.
Yeah. we'll be here.
He's gonna use this against us.
He won't be able to.
He's got dead bodies
in his walls.
Eva. he wanted you to do that.
You weren't the one in control.
K-9 unit did a sweep.
We got nothing yet.
No bodies. no Julie.
He was just screwing with us.
Then where is she?
This is the Bell house.
This is where we found
the carjacking victim.
Security cams got him
two blocks away from
Preston's house an hour later.
There's no way in hell
it took him that long.
So he must have stopped.
It had to be to deal with Julie.
There's nothing else out here.
I mean. the quickest way
to that house
is that road he took you on.
I mean. it might take some time.
but we can get a foot canvass.
a massive foot canvass
on that road.
Son of a bitch.
What?
This piece of garbage
has gotten off on hiding bodies
in his house.
beneath his own feet.
in his wall. so people would
enter his home and never know.
He took us out here
to play with us.
It's all his power move.
control. having the upper hand.
-knowing more.
-Yes. exactly.
I think I know where she is.
There. Right there. Pull over.
He was having a great time
when we drove over this.
I saw him smiling
in the back seat.
Julie!
Julie Bell?
She's here. I got her.
Julie.
Julie. hey.
Hey. hey. are you okay?
Hey. we got him.
He's going to prison.
You're gonna be okay now.
He thought I was dead.
He hit me so hard
I went to sleep.
Okay.
Okay. I'm so sorry.
But you're safe now.
I'm gonna get you help. okay?
Are you in any pain?
Am I going to jail?
No. No. you're not.
I promise.
But I'm bad.
No.
No. you're just a little kid.
You can't be bad.
Listen to me. Julie.
You saw awful. terrible things
in that house...
but you called me.
That was a good thing.
That was a very brave thing
you did.
Pulled three more bodies
out of the house.
With the carjacking.
Bell's facing
11 first-degree murders.
How is he?
He's fine. I talked to Med.
Lawyered up. but he's just fine.
Good work.
Get some rest.
You want to explain to me why
I got eight messages
from Sergeant Platt
telling me to meet you here?
Have a seat.
I just want to set you
straight on something.
Man. I was born...
screaming. fighting.
I mean. I went looking for it.
vicious fights
from as early as I can remember.
I mean. I dream about it.
I would wake up
with my fists clenched.
You see this one?
I went after two kids
twice my age.
I mean. over nothing.
I don't even remember
what it was about.
My father found me.
took me to the hospital.
told me it was wrong.
that he would help me
deal with...
With who I am.
My father never laid
a hand on me.
He was a good man.
Man. he taught me
to do something worthwhile
with my instincts.
to not go looking for fights.
to go looking for monsters.
My father is the only reason
there's anything good in me.
So...
you got your story wrong.
Won't matter.
It won't change the perception.
I can spin those photos
whatever way I want.
You care about your father.
his legacy.
his name on that goddamn wall...
Turn in your badge. I walk away.
Why?
-Why?
-Mm-hmm.
You thought there
wouldn't be consequences
for what you did to me?
You blackmailed me.
You forced me
to reinstate your team.
You thought nobody
would notice that?
The department now sees me
as a weak. spineless cop
condoning a corrupt unit.
I won't rise any further.
I'll retire nothing
but a dog cop.
And you're asking me why?
You see this badge holder?
It was my dad's.
I mean. he wore it
every day of his life
till he was killed
in the line of duty.
I've worn it every day since.
I mean. sometimes I slip up.
but...
a lot of the time...
I can feel him with me.
If I didn't feel my father
near me right now...
You wouldn't live
through this day.
You do what you want.
But right now...
right now. you should get
the hell out of my office.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today